get an inside look at the Celtics by
liking us on Facebook i thanks for
stopping by Celtics comm I'm Emily
Austin alongside rookie point guard Phil
Pressey fellows a good to be back in
Orlando didn't you live here for a
couple years growing up yeah I lived
here for a couple years when my dad
coached here it was a good time I can't
really say too much I was too young to
remember but I mean it was a good time
you didn't get to go to Disney World
while you were here though did you oh
yeah of course I did I mean that's one
of the main reasons why I moved here I
thought I was go to Disney World
but I'm at a good time and it was a fun
place to be all business for this trip
though can you just you know talk about
what you've learned in your short
minutes on the court so far this season
I mean just going out there and playing
with a little pace trying to control off
and also play defense as well I'm just
getting a feel for my teammates as it is
right now it's going well and it's only
gonna get better the team has played
very well with you on the court what
kind of confidence does that give you as
a rookie I mean it gives me a lot of
confidence the more I play the more I
play with my teammates the more
comfortable I get so I mean I can't ask
for much I just try to go out there and
prove myself even though you've lived
here in Orlando what's it like to go to
these big cities and you know play in
the NBA and because that really struck
you yet yeah I mean it's a dream come
true but at the end of the day it's
becoming a job and each day goes by it
kind of goes away and you kind of get
more of a feel for it so yeah it's a
journey come true but like I said the
more you the more you get used to it put
any extra pressure on you knowing that
you are running that second union unit I
mean not at all I mean I just try to go
out there and bring what we practice to
the game
at the end of the day is basketball so
everybody doesn't get to me as much I
just have to keep going out there and
proving myself okay Phil thank you so
much for your time and good luck tonight
the magic in the Celtics will tip-off in
less than an hour here at the Amway
Center in Orlando Florida stay updated
on Celtics comm thanks for watching